#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autodocsumm==0.2.12
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   nbsphinx
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
idna==3.7
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via nbsphinx
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
nbsphinx==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
numpydoc==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.15.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via jupyter-client
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   autodocsumm
    #   nbsphinx
    #   numpydoc
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-autosummary-accessors
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-favicon
    #   sphinx-notfound-page
sphinx-autosummary-accessors==2023.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-design==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-favicon==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-notfound-page==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via numpydoc
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4.2
    # via jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
